PEPCO DC ENERGY WISE REWARDS™ PROGRAM
OVERVIEW

SAVE ENERGY. SAVE MONEY. GO GREENER. DO IT ALL WITH ENERGY WISE REWARDS
Energy Wise Rewards is a tool for District of Columbia customers to take more control over their energy usage, save money on their energy costs, and take a big step towards a more sustainable lifestyle.
Demand for electricity in the District of Columbia is rapidly rising. Pepco will install a web-programmable thermostat or outdoor switch at your home and cycle it during peak-use times in exchange for bill credits. During the “peak demand” times of summer, Energy Wise Rewards works to reduce electricity usage by “cycling” central air conditioners or heat pumps throughout the region, managing energy use, and reducing the need for costly, new electrical infrastructure.
There are no hidden fees, and the program is completely voluntary. Because your participation is so important, we are offering this critical program at no charge to you. Joining is a choice that not only benefits you personally, but benefits your community and the environment as well.
Enroll now by choosing your participation level and energy-saving device. You’ll receive a one-time Installation Credit, Monthly Reward Bill Credit, and your choice of energy-saving devices at no charge!

HOW THE PROGRAM WORKS
Energy Wise Rewards works by cycling your central air conditioner or heat pump over short intervals (conservation periods) on selected summer days (called Peak Savings Days).
When Energy Wise Rewards conservation periods occur, air continues to be circulated throughout your home by the air conditioner fan. The cycling option you choose determines how long your compressor will not operate (or rest) during each Energy Wise Rewards conservation period.
Energy Wise Rewards is only activated during times of high electricity demand. Energy Wise Rewards conservation periods typically occur on Peak Savings Days, June through October. Total conservation periods over the season usually amount to less than 1% of the year.

LEARN MORE: