BGE’s Connected RewardsSM program helps decrease energy demand and emissions, keeps energy costs down for you and your neighbors, and rewards you each year you participate with a $50 prepaid card! During exceptionally hot or cold days, millions of cooling or heating appliances run at the same time. The demand for electricity adds stress to the grid, which may lead to higher energy costs, service interruptions and the release of pollutants that harm the environment. As a Connected Rewards participant, you’ll play an important role in protecting the environment and keeping energy costs down.Learn more about Connected Rewards    Common FAQs
  
  
      
      
            Quick Actions
      
  
    
      
  
  

  
       			
            
      
				
            During times when the demand for electricity is at its highest, BGE may briefly adjust your thermostat by up to 4 degrees. To show our appreciation, we’ll send you a one-time $50 prepaid card for each smart thermostat you register and another $50 prepaid card per eligible thermostat at the end of each season you participate.
      
	
      
                                    
  
              
            Adjustment events
      
                    
            Learn what happens during an adjustment event and how BGE helps you stay comfortable.
      
            
                                  
  
              
            Benefits
      
                    
            Connected Rewards helps keep energy costs down, rewards you with a prepaid card and much more.
      
            
                                  
  
              
            Eligibility
      
                    
            Check the guidelines and see if your smart thermostat is eligible.
      
            
                                  
  
              
            Incentive payment
      
                    
            Each year you participate you’ll receive a $50 prepaid card.
      
            
                                  
  
              
            Resources
      
                    
            Learn more about earning rewards while helping the environment and your community.
      
            
                                  
  
              
            Connecting your Wi-Fi thermostat
      
                    
            Get your smart thermostat connected to BGE and start earning.
      
            
    
    
  
	


    
EmPOWER Maryland programs are funded by a charge on your energy bill. EmPOWER programs can help you reduce your energy consumption and save you money. Learn more about EmPOWER Maryland.The EmPOWER Maryland charge funds programs that can help you reduce your energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions and save you money. Since the inception of the EmPOWER Maryland program in 2008, the programs have saved $14.5 billion on installed measures at a cost of $4.1 billion. In addition to new program costs, this charge includes paying off the uncollected costs that were accrued over time by programs required by the EmPOWER statute and authorized by the Commission. In accordance with House Bill 864 the uncollected amounts will be fully paid by the end of 2032.